Hello everyone, Vlad and this channel
auto repair and only today we
consider how to fix the button
window lifter
if the third view does not work due to
power window button
yes we take it without pulling spanking further
Something sharp and we take out in board here
Revenge chip to divide the house and then
we'll have to shoot later on the podium
get the chip put the button
drags off the chip leave here just
she lies u so you had contacts of a button
so here is the button itself under these clamps
swatch which anders in the catwalk now
I'll go home and show you how to fix it
here went into the house and now we need
open the closet
seen such stockings 2 here on sol
We touch and so do we remove one
side hold and the second
also
Now we have removed the button here we are with you
disassembled the button now it's quite
now we can get this one
The little boards are small and marked with black
a marker of fires on where to further us in these
contacts
here is the top one and this second one
all the contacts we rested now
we clean here we see the points of contact
there are such as cams
who are kontachat them already clean everything
Now he will clean and show how it will be
further here if we all filthy raid on
contacts on cams
on wacky oxidation which is just
interfered with normal operation
contactor
now and solder up the board is soldered
place and show you even show fellow
until the end of the button here and soldered the board in
check the machine works all right now
we believe paste in place here
such a notch can not go wrong
insert only one position hi same
the lights are on all the teachers are good here
now I'll drink you better placed
here is not lit ed ed says
so we compress
how are you well here and petrovym raise
now click here
logic rises due to any effort
now insert the upper case
Is inserted into the slots all latches
the button went to the board these things dredging
down little everyone left
second insert also inserted
insert the button
insert we get into the riza quietly
you latch and we all hear everything
pressed
everything became its place
Now we will put in place on the podium
thank you all for your attention
subscribe to place the channel husky